DOC-4286 : Space Template User guide Documentation 3rd iteration (#97)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Manage-Space.rst

Type-ahead suggestions allow to facilitate selection users and groups to invite.

.. note:: Only spaces that the creator is member of can be selected. 

>           Users field can be pre-filled by default users or spaces defined in space template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Space template can predefine the individual users or spaces members to invite in the space. It will be displayed in Users field.
```

.. note:: Only spaces that the creator is member of can be selected.

> .. note:: You can have predefined space members or users in the Users field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note:: Invitees field can be pre-filled by default users or spaces defined in space template
```

Author: Users field can be pre-filled by default users or spaces defined in space template.
